OSDOCS-5275: Updated VSphere platform specification (#59597)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-configuration-parameters.adoc

ifeval::["{context}" == "installing-restricted-networks-vmc"]
:vmc:
endif::[]
ifeval::["{context}" == "installing-vmc-user-infra"]
:vmc:
endif::[]
ifeval::["{context}" == "installing-vmc-network-customizations-user-infra"]
:vmc:
endif::[]
ifeval::["{context}" == "installing-restricted-networks-vmc-user-infra"]
:vmc:

> endif::[]

Reviewer: I don't see the corresponding `:!vmc:` at the end of this file. Can you make sure that these attributes get un-set at the end of the file?

|String

|`platform.vsphere.failureDomains.zone`
|You define a zone by using a tag from the `openshift-zone` tag category. The tag must be attached to the vCenter datacenter.
|`String`

|`platform.vsphere.ingressVIPs`
|Virtual IP (VIP) addresses that you configured for cluster Ingress.
|Multiple IP addresses

|`platform.vsphere`
| Describes your account on the cloud platform that hosts your cluster. You can use the parameter to customize the platform. When providing additional configuration settings for compute and control plane machines in the machine pool, the parameter is optional. You can only specify one vCenter server for your {product-title} cluster.
|String

|`platform.vsphere.vcenters`
|Lists any fully-qualified hostname or IP address of a vCenter server.
|String

|`platform.vsphere.vcenters.datacenters`
|Lists and defines the datacenters where {product-title} virtual machines (VMs) operate. The list of datacenters must match the list of datacenters specified in the `failureDomains` field.
|String
|====

[id="deprecated-parameters-vsphere_{context}"]
== Deprecated VMware vSphere configuration parameters

> In {product-title} 4.13, the following vSphere configuration parameters are deprecated. You can continue to use these parameters, but the installation program does not automatically specify these parameters in the `install-config.yaml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In {product-title} {product-version}, the following vSphere configuration parameters are deprecated. You can continue to use these parameters, but the installation program does not automatically specify these parameters in the `install-config.yaml` file.
```
Should fix this since this PR is for 4.12
